Thanks to you.
Otherwise, my old bones
You won't be able to pick up tomorrow's sun
Don't say that.
You are a noble person and you are blessed
By the way, little lady
How can you have a quick fix?
I usually go out with a quick-acting heart-saving pill
In case of emergency, it is also helpful to help
Ha ha.
Mom, I heard you had a heart attack. Are you okay?
It turned out to be that narcissistic man Yanling
It's over. It's over.
I just slapped him the other day
This is awkward
I'm fine, thanks to Miss Xia
Why don't you hurry up, thank you, Miss Xia, Miss Xia
Dr. Fu, we meet again
Hey, you two know each other?
You are
We met at the hospital before
Gorgeous.
Did you bully Miss Xia?
I bullied her.